Terrick Thibodeaux  
C++ Assment  
Post Mortem  

        To begin the planning of are project went well we used things such as Trelo and Lucide Chart. My partner was Josh Cotton while we both had diffrent ideals in the beging me wanting to perfect are last assment but in C++  and him being more of a visionary and wanting to do somthing new. This was at the end of the day a good thing Because it lead to me trying somthing i wouldnt have and learning diffrent skills. In the beging we had a slow start bumping headsa on things such as lay out of are game loop and how are attacks would work, would are sword swing or just rotate. We also seemed to hit a speed bump in are code constanly always runnning into a issue such as errors that Josh would just say didnt make since. In the being i felt a lot less skilled at code compared to josh because he would describe the thing i was doing as being easy, but later when he tryed doing it he couldnt figure it out either or it was harder than he belived it to be.   
        Things that happend near the end, when it came to crunch time are team seeemed to excel finished parts fasted than expected which allowed use to polish and add things we had cut such as UITEXT. There was one big issue that came to be and that was that Josh told me we didnt have childing which lead to him crunching in another power up that added a childed sword. Which he did get done so it was all fine, but that was a definte panic momment. When Josh went back and look at my code he would want to change thing that were better for readblity in favor for it looking cleaner. He also wanted to change some of my code to make it cleaner which i under stand but that was the way i had understand my code and it worked. His code to me was harder to read and harder for me to under stand, now that may have been because of my lack of coding experence. The last thing we really did together was the read me where we both liked the little bits of commedy in it that we both liked and agreed completly on.